#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-test.txt requirements-test.in requirements.txt
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiozipkin
aiozipkin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
amqp==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
atlassian-python-api==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   policy-sentry
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
boto3==1.18.58
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
    #   moto
    #   parliament
botocore==1.21.58
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   cloudaux
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   policy-sentry
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
cloudaux==1.9.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   schema
coverage[toml]==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
deepdiff==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
distlib==0.3.3
    # via virtualenv
docker==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
docutils==0.17.1
    # via readme-renderer
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
ed25519==1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
elastic-apm==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
filelock==3.3.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flagpole==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   flake8-docstrings
flake8-docstrings==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
flake8-import-order==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
grpcio==1.41.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   grpcio-tools
grpcio-tools==1.41.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
identify==2.3.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-saml
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via moto
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   parliament
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
json-cfg==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   parliament
jsonschema==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
kombu==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
kwonly-args==1.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   json-cfg
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   moto
marshmallow==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mock==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements-test.in
mockredispy==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
more-itertools==8.10.0
    # via moto
moto==2.2.8
    # via -r requirements-test.in
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.910
    # via -r requirements-test.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   requests-oauthlib
okta-jwt==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   furl
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pandas==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
parliament==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
password-strength==0.0.3.post2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
policy-sentry==0.11.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
protobuf==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   grpcio-tools
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redislite
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-import-order
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via readme-renderer
pyjwt==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-tornado
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via pytest-html
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-timeout==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-tornado==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-xdist==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   moto
    #   pandas
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   okta-jwt
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   logmatic-python
python3-saml==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   moto
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   parliament
    #   policy-sentry
    #   pre-commit
readme-renderer==30.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis-py-cluster
    #   redislite
redis-py-cluster==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
redislite==6.0.674960
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
regex==2021.10.8
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   docker
    #   moto
    #   okta-jwt
    #   policy-sentry
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
responses==0.14.0
    # via moto
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
ruamel.yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
schema==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   policy-sentry
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
setupmeta==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
simplejson==3.17.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   bandit
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   cloudaux
    #   ecdsa
    #   furl
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   mock
    #   okta-jwt
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   password-strength
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
    #   retrying
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stevedore==3.4.0
    # via bandit
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-tornado
tox==3.24.4
    # via -r requirements-test.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   black
    #   gitpython
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
ujson==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
uvloop==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.8.1
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via moto
wrapt==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via moto
yarl==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
